Added MMTEB (#275)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: docs/mmteb/readme.md

| New task            | If relevant         | 10      | Task 2.                                                                                                           |
| Dataset annotations | On demand           | 1       | Adding missing dataset annotations to existing datasets.                                                          |
| (bug)fixes            | On demand           | 1-10    | Points depends the effect of code changes. If you want to find issues related to the MMTEB you can find them [here](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/milestone/1). |
| Running Models      | On demand           | 1       | Task 3.                                   |
| Review PR           | On demand           | 2       | Task 4.                                   |

For the purpose of counting points, a language is defined by its [ISO 639-3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-3) code, however, we encourage dialects or written language variants. All programming languages are considered one language.

Team submissions are free to distribute points among the members as they like.

## Communication Channels

> We will communicate via this GitHub repository. Please feel free to open issues or discussions and `Watch` the repository to be notified of any changes.

Reviewer: Contextual kindly agreed to sponsor compute for this project. There will likely be missing scores at the end & some larger models we want to run, so this could be pretty useful I think. Let me know if not okay with you.

```suggestion
We will communicate via this GitHub repository. Please feel free to open issues or discussions and `Watch` the repository to be notified of any changes.

## Acknowledgements

We thank [Contextual AI](https://contextual.ai/) for sponsoring compute for this project.
```

Reviewer 2: That's so great! Very nice of Contextual AI 😊

Author: Sounds great, think that is a great idea

# Welcome to MMTEB! 👋

> MMTEB is a community-led extension of [MTEB](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.07316) to cover embedding tasks for a massive number of languages.

Reviewer 3: Maybe add explicitly the meaning of the MMTEB acronym ? I can't tell myself if it's "Massive Multi-lingual Text Embedding Benchmark" or "Multi-lingual Massive Text Embedding Benchmark" 😅

Author: Thanks! We are discussing the naming over at:
https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/discussions/277

Would love your feedback on it.

## Background 

MTEB or the Massive Text Embedding Benchmark is intended to evaluate the quality of document embeddings. When it was initially introduced, the benchmark consisted of 8 embedding tasks and 58 different datasets. Since then, MTEB has been subject to multiple community contributions as well as benchmark extensions over specific languages such as [SEB](https://openreview.net/pdf/f5f1953a9c798ec61bb050e62bc7a94037fd4fab.pdf), [C-MTEB](https://github.com/FlagOpen/FlagEmbedding/tree/master/C_MTEB) and [MTEB-French](https://github.com/Lyon-NLP/mteb-french). However, we want even wider coverage and thus announce the community-led extension of MTEB, where we seek to expand coverage of MTEB to as many languages as possible.

## Contributing to MMTEB

> Everyone can join and contribute to this initiative from 1 April 2024 to 31 April 2024, win some SWAG, and become a co-author of our upcoming paper. We aim to publish the results of our findings at a top conference such as EMNLP, NeurIPS, etc. We have identified four tasks for contributions:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Everyone can join and contribute to this initiative from 1 April 2024 to 31 April 2024, win some SWAG, and become a co-author of our upcoming paper. We aim to publish the results of our findings at a top conference such as EMNLP, NeurIPS, etc. We have identified four ways to contribute:
```

'Task' is a bit overloaded in the MMTEB context, so suggest minimising the use elsewhere 😊

> ### 🗃️ Task 1: Contribute a new dataset

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### 🗃️ 1. Contribute a new dataset
```

> For this segment, you open a PR in the MTEB repository where you create a new instance (subclass) of a task using a new language dataset (we also accept code!). Read more about how to add a task [here](adding_a_new_dataset.md) and check out [one of the previous additions](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/pull/247) for an example.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For this segment, you open a PR in the MTEB repository where you create an implementation (subclass) of a task using a new language dataset uploaded to huggingface. Read more about how to add a task [here](adding_a_new_dataset.md) and check out [one of the previous additions](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/pull/247) for an example.
```

Are we enforcing that datasets should be on huggingface? If so, I think we should rephrase like the above.

> ### 🖥️ Task 2: Contribute a new task

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### 🖥️ 2. Contribute a new task
```

MTEB currently consists of 8 embedding tasks including tasks such as STS, retrieval, reranking, and more. If you feel like there is a category of tasks that is not yet covered, we would welcome contributions of these as well.

> ### 🔍 Task 3: Contribute new scores

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### 🔍 3. Contribute new scores
```

Once we have the datasets, we want to evaluate models on them. We welcome evaluation scores for models, which will be added to the leaderboard.

> ### 🔓 Task 4: Review PRs

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### 🔓 4. Review PRs
```

We welcome reviews of PRs adding new datasets. If you wish to review PRs of a specific language feel free to contact members of the MTEB team.

## Authorship

We follow a similar approach as in the [SeaCrowd Project](https://github.com/SEACrowd#contributing-to-seacrowd) and use a point-based system to determine co-authorships. 

> To be considered a co-author, at least 10 contribution points are required. Position of contributors in the author list is determined by the score they acquire, higher scores will appear first.

Reviewer 4: We might want to contribute points for ideation, repo maintenance and prior work before launching. This would likely have to be a substantial amount of points if we want to ensure that noone is adding ~100 datasets and ends up first author, without having contributed anything else (if that is what we want).

Author: I would like this as well. Let us start with the easy stuff (in another PR):

@imenelydiaker: will you submit the points for the french team
@MartinBernstorff: will you give a suggestion of points based on your work
@Muennighoff: Is there people we should get added to the points before we go live?

Just to make clear, we see this as a suggestion to open the discussion, but I would like to make it such that it is transparent for contributors.

let me know if you guys disagree

Reviewer 2: I discussed it with the French team, they said that since we already have a paper it won't count as a contribution to mmteb. They say we should only be added in the references or acknowledgments. 

I wonder how about the other languages that are already in MTEB? I don't know if you guys have any thoughts about it?

To monitor how many points you have obtained, the contribution point tracking is now live at [this sheet](POINTS.md) and we recommend updating the score along with your PR. Past contributions also count. 

Everyone with sufficient points will also be added to the MTEB GitHub and Huggingface repository as a contributor.

# Contribution point guideline
The contribution points are computed using the following table:

> **Note**: The purpose of the point system is not to barrier collaboration, but to reward contributions. We might adjust the point requirement lower to accommodate more co-authorship if needed.

| Contribution type   | Demand              | Points  | Description                                                                                                       |
| ------------------- | ------------------- | ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | New dataset         | As many as possible | 2+bonus | Task 1. The First dataset for a language x task gains 4 bonus points. You can gain up to two bonuses pr. dataset. |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| New dataset         | As many as possible | 2+bonus | Task 1. If a language has no dataset for a given task, the first dataset for that task yields 4 bonus points. You can gain up to two bonuses pr. dataset. |
```

> You can gain up to two bonuses pr. dataset.

Unsure what this means.

Reviewer 4: After convo, remove?

> | New dataset         | As many as possible | 2+bonus | Task 1. The First dataset for a language x task gains 4 bonus points. You can gain up to two bonuses pr. dataset. |

Reviewer 4: If we agree on renaming "task", we should rename here as well.

| New task            | If relevant         | 10      | Task 2.                                                                                                           |
| Dataset annotations | On demand           | 1       | Adding missing dataset annotations to existing datasets.                                                          |
| (bug)fixes            | On demand           | 1-10    | Points depends the effect of code changes. If you want to find issues related to the MMTEB you can find them [here](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/milestone/1). |
| Running Models      | On demand           | 1       | Task 3.                                   |

> | Review PR           | On demand           | 2       | Task 4.                                   |

Reviewer: So for new English datasets we also give 2 points, right?

Author: Yep!
